Welcome. In this month's program, we'll meet a brother who overcame a troubled and violent childhood
and found genuine love and peace among Jehovah's people.
We'll learn how couples can make good decisions and work together even when they don't see eye to eye.
And our music video will remind us of why it's important to stop and reflect on every precious minute we have with our loved ones.
Welcome to this month's edition of JW Broadcasting.
We know what the future holds. Bible prophecy clearly indicates that we are living in the last days.
We understand what events will lead to Amageddon and the arrival of God's new world.
However, we do not know the exact events that will experience personally.
For example, you might wonder, will I experience a natural disaster?
And if so, what kind of disaster?
How will persecution affect me? Will I end up in prison?
As I get older, who will care for me?
Have you ever asked yourself similar questions?
Has this uncertainty made you anxious or fearful?
Such feelings can make it hard to think clearly.
But these feelings can go away when we realize that we are well prepared.
For example, do you remember the feature drama from the 2023 Convention?
Commit your way to Jehovah?
It illustrated how following the organization's direction saved lives during times of political unrest.
But is there anything else we can do to be fully equipped for tomorrow?
Absolutely. In fact, we are preparing ourselves every day.
Let's review what we are already doing and why we really have no reason to be fearful or anxious.
The Apostle Peter wrote his letters during times of trials and instability.
The brothers and sisters of the first century knew they were living in the last days of the Jewish system of things.
Based on Jesus' warning, they expected personal challenges.
However, they did not know exactly when and how these events would affect them.
It was impossible for them to plan for every possibility.
And Peter, who was getting older, may have wondered how he and other elderly ones would be cared for later in life.
He may have perceived that aging and declining health could create uncertainty and fear in some.
Doesn't that sound a lot like the situation we were in today?
What did the Apostle Peter recommend in view of future uncertainties?
At 1 Peter 1 verse 13, he said,
So brace up your minds for activity.
Keep your senses completely.
Set your hope on the undeserved kindness that will be brought to you at the revelation of Jesus Christ.
So did Peter tell the brothers and sisters to stockpile money or supplies? No.
He encouraged them to strengthen their faith and trust in Jehovah.
There are no uncertainties for Jehovah.
He had promised to protect the Christians in the first century, and he would provide salvation.
In verse 13, what are the three things Peter encouraged Christians to do?
One, brace up your minds for activity.
Two, keep your senses completely.
And three, set your hope on the undeserved kindness.
Let's look at each point and see what helps us to be fully equipped for tomorrow.
First Peter tells us to brace up our minds for activity.
Brace up means to be ready for activity.
What kind of activity?
Among other forms of activity, notice what Peter wrote a little later in his letter at 1 Peter 2 verse 9.
You should declare abroad the excellencies of the one who called you out of darkness into his wonderful light.
In the first century, Christians were active in telling others the good news about Jesus Christ.
We do the same today.
We are active in the ministry, sharing the good news that Jesus is king in heaven, and we speak about the hope for all.
Now, how does this sharing in this activity prepare us for the uncertainties of tomorrow?
Talking to others about our hope for the future, strengthens our own conviction and faith.
This ministry keeps us focused and we see the positive changes in those we teach.
Sharing in this activity depends our gratitude for being part of Jehovah's family.
Has this gratitude motivated you to be active in the ministry?
Maybe your circumstances even allow you to share in full-time service.
By being active, you showed Jehovah that his kingdom is the most important thing in your life.
And Jehovah promises to care for those who put his kingdom first.
You are in his protective hands. There is no need to be anxious or fearful.
Therefore, being active in the ministry is the first step towards being prepared for tomorrow.
Next, the Apostle Peter tells us to keep our senses completely.
This means being balanced in our thinking.
Thus, we are able to evaluate matters properly, come to the right conclusions and make good decisions.
Isn't this what we want?
How can we make good decisions, especially when we face unexpected events in our life?
In developing Christian qualities helps us keep our senses.
For instance, Peter mentions one important quality at 2 Peter 2 verse 9.
So then, Jehovah knows how to rescue people of godly devotion out of trial.
So what quality can help us to keep our senses completely and make good decisions?
It's godly devotion.
This means being loyal to Jehovah and doing what he asks.
Is this not what we promised to do when we dedicated our lives to him and got baptized?
Yes.
And since then, we've made many decisions to follow his directions which often come through his organization.
Some changes were easy. Others were hard, especially when we did not fully understand the direction or agree with it.
Can you think of a time when you made a difficult change for Jehovah?
Did you later see how following his direction led to good results?
Your love for Jehovah and your deep devotion to him helped you to make wise decisions.
What's the point?
Doing what Jehovah asked us today not only brings good results now, but also prepares us for tomorrow.
It ensures that when we are faced with a critical situation, we will naturally follow Jehovah's directions.
Isn't this the best way to prepare for the future?
For example, you may remember Sister Margaret Weirich who had to flee from wildfires.
She learned from Jehovah's organization how important it is to obey those directing traffic.
Although she wanted to drive a different way, she followed directions and was safe.
Her godly devotion was evident.
It's what prepared her for the future and ultimately saved her life.
So Peter said, we must keep our senses.
How?
By cultivating qualities like godly devotion.
This allows us to make good decisions and experience Jehovah's care.
What was the third point that Peter mentioned at 1 Peter 1 verse 13?
He tells us to set our hope on the undeserved kindness.
What was Peter trying to say?
How can these two elements, hope and undeserved kindness help us to prepare for tomorrow?
First, we have reminded of this stabilizing effect that hope can have on us.
Hope is compared to an anchor that keeps a ship secure during a storm.
When we become anxious about what we might have to endure tomorrow, persecution, disaster or health issues,
don't we feel like we are in a storm?
Without hope, we might easily lose our balance.
Peter encourages us here to see beyond the uncertainties and focus on what is certain, solid and secure.
Our hope, our view of future blessings stabilizes us.
Did you notice that Peter made a connection between hope and undeserved kindness?
The hope that we have is a gift from Jehovah, and Jesus' resurrection is the basis for our hope.
The more we reflect on this, the stronger our gratitude and hope become.
This grateful attitude influences our daily life.
How so?
For example, notice the mindset Peter mentioned at 1 Peter 2 verse 11.
Beloved, I urge you as foreigners and temporary residents to keep abstaining from fleshly desires which rage war against you.
Our daily choices show that we do not belong to this world or seek its protection.
We are residents of God's kingdom.
Peter reminds us to be different.
For instance, we are different because of our view of material things.
Materialism, a fleshly desire has affected people around us, and many would sacrifice everything for material things.
For example, many people are overly concerned about their financial future.
While it's the course of wisdom to do some planning, excessive worry about material needs later in life may cause some to put undue pressure on children and other family members to pursue a secular career.
This is common in some cultures, and it can affect us if we are not careful.
We might feel pressured to imitate others, and this could even affect our friendship with Jehovah or what others in our family can do for him.
In the following interview, notice how parents living in such a culture chose to prepare for the future.
Hong Kong is an international city, and it is known for having high property prices.
I was a teacher, and as a teacher, I advise my students to study hard and choose the majors that can help them find a job with a higher income and a stable future.
Before I learned the truth, I also hoped that our children could have a better future by getting a good job when they grew up.
That way, they could also support us financially.
Being Christian parents in the truth, we didn't want them to neglect their studies in school, but we also wanted them to know about the Bible.
Therefore, we started studying the Bible with them and took them to meetings and helped them to preach to others.
Since they were young, I emphasized the blessings from God, and that we should always give things to him.
So when one of my sons told me, Dad, I want a pioneer. I was thrilled, and I said, You should do it.
But when I heard that he wanted to pioneer and work part-time, I worried about how that would affect our income.
However, we never had a problem. I really saw how Jehovah blessed us.
The amount of money that we earned was more than enough, and I felt cared for and provided for by Jehovah.
When my eldest son told me that he wanted to stop his current studies and start learning at construction trade, I was disappointed.
I thought that even students who didn't do well could do that job, and that type of work would be physically harder for him.
But he explained to us that being a construction worker would be useful now and forever in the New World.
I eventually respected his decision.
We taught our children to put Jehovah first, but when it came to putting it into practice, I needed to respect the decision made by my son.
In order to make it possible for our whole family to pioneer, we needed to simplify our lives.
During family worship, we discussed ways to reduce expenses so that everyone in the family was on the same page.
I noticed that we did not lack anything, and that the whole family could all share the burden of our expenses.
Our children are now all grown up, and they willingly served Jehovah.
I am so grateful to Jehovah because they have come to love him with their whole hearts.
We are all so happy.
I am thankful to Jehovah every time I see the smiling faces of my family.
I have clearly felt that Jehovah always takes care of his servants.
Like it says, at Matthew, chapter 6, verse 33,
If we keep seeking first God's kingdom and His righteousness, Jehovah will take care of us.
And if our prayers are according to God's will and we try our best, He will undoubtedly bless our efforts.
Therefore, I have strong faith and hope for our future ahead.
Being different can be challenging, but wasn't it encouraging to see how this couple resisted cultural expectations and pressure?
Instead, they agreed with their children's desire to pursue goals in Jehovah's service, and they supported them.
Strengthening our friendship with Jehovah is the best preparation for tomorrow.
And whether Jehovah ultimately uses children to care for their parents or provides help in another way,
Jehovah will stick to his promise to care for us.
To be fully equipped for tomorrow, we set our hope with gratitude on our God, the God we trust.
In this discussion, did you find that you are already doing these things? Likely so.
Therefore, we do not have any reason to be overly anxious or fearful about future trials or other uncertainties.
We face the future with confidence because we are fully equipped for tomorrow.
We are also fully equipped for the ministry.
We have the tools and training we need to reach all kinds of people.
And those who are not religious.
How can we preach to people like that more effectively?
We'll learn in this episode of Iron Sharpen's Iron.
Hello, I am Akihiro.
And this is Iron Sharpen's Iron.
Have you ever been in the ministry and just as you're starting a conversation, the individual stops you and says,
I'm not religious.
How did you react?
Did you freeze up?
I'm sure of what to say.
I know it's happened to me.
In this episode of Iron Sharpen's Iron, we're going to discuss three tips to help us reach the hearts of non-religious people.
But what comes to your mind when you hear the word non-religious?
You might assume this means the person doesn't believe in God.
But the truth is that although the person may not belong to an organized religion, they might very well have a belief in God or in a higher power.
So we don't want to make assumptions.
Lesson 9 of our brochure, Love People Make Disciples says,
Empathy moves us to care about people, not just about our message.
So let's focus on letting the person express themselves and then empathizing with their situation.
Let's talk about three tips we can use to do that with non-religious people.
1. Be Positive
2. Listen with Understanding
3. Share information that addresses their needs
Now, let's see how we can apply these tips.
You know, with so many crazy things happening in the world right now, a lot of people feel like world peace is an impossible dream.
What's your opinion?
If this is about religion, I'm not interested.
Everyone is free to believe what he wants.
What is important is not a bunch of rules and rituals.
But believing in God from our heart, that's my opinion.
Hmm, I agree.
Believing in God from our heart is very important.
If you don't mind, may I ask you why you're not interested in religion?
I used to belong to a religion.
In the hypocrisy, I saw it just completely turned me off.
Hmm, I'm so sorry you experienced that.
I can understand why you feel the way you do.
If religion cannot be of much help, what do you turn to for reliable guidance during these tough times?
Did you see how well our sisters put our first two tips into practice?
Our sisters maintained a positive spirit.
Even after the householder told them, he wasn't interested in religion.
This gave the householder the opportunity to speak and allowed our sisters to apply our second tip, listen with understanding.
They listened as the man expressed himself.
That allowed them to understand where he was coming from and then to respond empathetically and keep the conversation going.
But what if you meet someone who doesn't believe in God at all?
Let's take a look.
Hmm, it's a beautiful season isn't it?
I love the lavender.
So beautiful.
Oh, yeah, I love it too. The color is lovely isn't it?
Hmm, it is.
Oh, you know, to me flowers are like an amazing gift from God.
Have you ever wondered if there is a God?
Hmm, a God?
Well, it would be nice if there were.
But I don't believe in God.
Hmm, you know, many feel the same way you do.
If you don't mind me asking, have you ever wondered why some people do believe in God?
Hmm, honestly, I have.
But I haven't found a reasonable answer.
Once again, our sister maintained a positive spirit and wasn't put off by the woman stating that she doesn't believe in God.
Instead, she sought further understanding by asking a simple yet genuine question.
Have you ever wondered why some people do believe in God?
Did you see how the woman relaxed when she realized that the sister was actually interested in understanding her?
And was willing to continue the conversation?
Now, if the person is willing to talk and the opportunity arises, we can apply our third tip.
Share information that addresses their needs.
With our last householder, what do we have in our library of publications that we could share with her?
We could share one of the brochures in our teaching toolbox that addresses creation.
Or if they are available in your language, a video from the series, was it designed?
Or viewpoints on the origin of life?
So, let's make it our goal to be more familiar with all the tools Jehovah has given us.
Every year, there are non-religious people who become Jehovah's Witnesses.
So, we have reason to be positive when we speak to those not interested in religion.
And as we listen with understanding, and when appropriate, share information that addresses their needs.
We will be doing our best to reach the hearts of non-religious people.
These tips have helped me in my ministry, and as iron sharpens iron, I hope they help you too.
Never underestimate how the hearts of our neighbors can be moved when we listen to them with empathy and show we really care.
Even those who seem unlikely to listen to our message can be touched by God's word and the genuine love we show.
That's exactly what happened to a young man named Lucas Lacra. Here is his story.
I was a bully. I used to steal from others. And I was very, very angry.
Inside, I had feelings of taking revenge. I wanted revenge.
I spent my childhood in a small city of India. My family was very poor.
My parents both had the habit of drinking. Often they had fights at home.
My father would beat my mother with wood. And sometimes, he would beat us too.
So me and my siblings, we would run and hide to the outside toilets and we would wait there until the shouting and fighting would stop.
One day, I saw my father. He was full drunk. I was very small.
Maybe six years old and I was playing near the house. My uncle came to the house screaming at my father.
I ran to see what was happening. But there was nothing I could do.
When in front of my own eyes, my father was murdered.
Later, I was taken away from my mother to work as a servant.
They treated me terribly. With punches and kicks, they even strangled me once.
I missed my mother. I felt so alone.
My mother was suffering from cancer. I asked them many times that I want to go and see my mother.
But they wouldn't let me go. I started crying. I said, I want to go home.
But they said, going now will be of no use because your mother has already been dead for four days.
I cried a lot. I could not see my mother one last time. All of this made me feel so angry inside.
I was always fighting, bullying and stealing. Eventually, I was thrown out of the house.
This time, a relative took me in. I noticed her daughter would go somewhere every Sunday.
And this made me very curious. So I asked her where she would go and she said to Bible meetings.
Her daughter also told me that a couple would come every Friday to study the Bible with her.
She invited me to join her if I wanted. So I decided to sit in on her study.
I was impressed with the brothers studying with her. They were so kind. They cared a lot and showed love.
That was not seen in churches. On one occasion, I found myself running again.
But this time, I was running to the Kingdom Hall to see my new family.
It was about 10 kilometers away. But I had no money to go by vehicle.
So instead, I went by foot. But every step was worth it.
Because at meeting, I really felt Jehovah's love through the brothers and sisters.
As my study slowly progressed, I began to realize I'm not an orphan.
Jehovah is with me. He is my father. Eventually, I was able to throw all my burdens on my father, Jehovah.
And I started to have peace of mind. So I dedicated my life to Jehovah.
On December 26, 1998, I was baptized. After my baptism, I wanted to give Jehovah my best.
Today, me and my wife, Julian, we are so happy to be in full-time service together.
And thanks to Jehovah, we have enjoyed a variety of assignments as a couple.
My past cannot be erased. Neither can I stop these memories from coming into my mind.
But Jehovah has completely changed my life.
I no longer feel anger or the need for revenge anymore.
So there is no need to feel orphaned. Give yourselves completely to the hands of Jehovah.
He's your father. He will take care of you. He will never leave you.
Brother Lacra's story shows how learning the truth really is life-changing.
Even feelings of intense anger and revenge can give way to real peace of mind.
Like Lucas, all of us appreciate the way Jehovah teaches us to deal with difficulties in life, including in our family life.
If you are married, have you ever found yourself in a situation where you and your maid just don't see things the same way?
If so, you're not alone. And you will appreciate the suggestions in this episode of For A Happy Marriage.
You found that special someone. You can't believe how compatible you are.
Yet you soon discover that compatible does not mean identical.
The Bible describes a husband and wife as complements, not competitors.
A complement completes what another may lack.
This means your differences can strengthen your marriage.
Still, with two imperfect people, disagreements will happen, but they don't have to become arguments.
If the two of you don't see a matter in the same way, for example, how to manage money, what should you do?
Should you insist until you get your way?
Say nothing at all. There is a better way to work through the occasional difference before it becomes a conflict.
A Bible Principal states, let each one keep seeking, not his own advantage, but that of the other person.
You may need to set aside your cherished point of view and really try to see the value of your maid's perspective.
Remember, seek his or her advantage, not your own. Take each issue one at a time.
You may be able to resolve most of your differences and meet in the middle.
With practice, you will learn to tackle your disagreements, not each other.
This is a skill you will work at for a lifetime, since we all change as we age.
For example, what if your viewpoints differ on how to care for aging parents?
Start with your common ground.
In addition to the financial cost, consider the cost to your time, health and relationship with each other and with God.
Recognise the merits of your spouse's viewpoint.
And even if your differences cannot be solved by a mutual compromise, conceding and supporting will be a win for your friendship.
You might also agree to discuss the question again at a later date or a circumstances change.
Even if you don't always agree, you can still work as a team.
Different viewpoints broaden your horizons, add colour to your marriage, and in the end draw you closer to one another.
Here are three questions to discuss that can help you handle situations in your marriage where viewpoints differ.
If it's convenient, pause this video now and really talk.
What practical advice for handling difficulties in ways that can make your marriage stronger and happier?
Whether married or single, we all encounter times when someone we know is experiencing serious illness or
emotional distress.
Do you feel a deep desire to provide them with relief and support?
In this morning's Worship program, Brother Harold Corcoran highlights the importance of consoling others.
Our text today highlights the importance of consoling which basically conveys the idea to soothe and courage uplift fortify.
It also encourages us to support the weak and the basic meaning of that expression support the weak is to hold fast to, cleave to the person that's needing assistance.
By doing that, we are certainly imitating Jehovah, aren't we?
At Psalm 3418, it says, Jehovah is close to the broken hearted. He's right there.
He saves those who are crushed in spirit. He lifts up those who are depressed.
Well, what can help us to imitate Jehovah to the best of our ability and consoling, supporting and doing all that with patience?
Well, one thing that will certainly help is the relationship between the one giving the assistance and the one receiving it.
If there's friendship there, it makes a big difference.
Because the one receiving the help feels comfortable, they may have something very embarrassing or sensitive to talk about,
and doing so with a true trusted friend makes it a lot easier.
And the one rendering the assistance, if he's a friend, then it doesn't come across like he's interrogating or he's investigating something.
But rather, he's showing genuine interest.
Well, building up an understanding of the background of each other certainly helps, doesn't it? That's what friends do.
We understand a lot about that person, don't we?
For example, what could build up our desire to be consoling, to be supportive and to do it with patience?
The background. Here are just a few examples of background that can motivate us to do just what our text says today.
Here they are. Did they grow up in a dysfunctional family?
Was one of their parents an alcoholic? Did the mother or father abandon them when they were young?
Did a beloved family member turn against the truth and is now a bitter opposer? There could be many other reasons.
But such background gives us not only the desire to help with the willingness and the ability to do it in a way that will be most helpful.
The one thing we have to keep in mind about the variety of things that require assistance is based on something that said in Romans chapter 8 and verse 22.
And we invite you to open your Bibles there.
Romans chapter 8 and verse 22.
And this will help us to appreciate that regardless of the problem, there is a common reason for it.
Romans 8, 22 Paul is talking about the bad effects that have come from the Adam's sin. And here's what he says.
For we know that all creation keeps on groaning together and being in pain together until now.
That pain and groaning as descendants of Adam's can manifest itself in physical ailments like heart trouble, diabetes, cancer or others.
But it's not limited to physical ailment. Emotional and mental issues also arise because of being descendants of Adam.
And so just as we had never looked down or condemned someone who had a physical ailment, we would never want to do that with something that's going through an emotional issue such as depression or another mental illness.
And one of the things that we want to do for those regardless of what their needs may be is to use the scriptures and to be a good shepherd.
And sisters can help other sisters, friends can help friends elders, of course, have that responsibility to help everyone too.
But now there's something that we need to keep in mind when we're trying to help.
And it's recorded for us in Proverbs chapter 12 and verse 18.
And we invite you to turn there. Proverbs 12, 18.
We want to help. We want to console. We do not want to hurt.
Proverbs 12, 18.
Foughtless speech is like the stabs of a sword, but the tongue of the wise is a healing.
So our desire is to console, to support, to uplift, to cheer up, not to make them at or worse.
So thoughtful speech is a key.
Now just illustrate how much pain can be caused if that's not done.
Notice the expressions of one of our Christian sisters who went through a period of depression. She said this.
One lesson I'll never forget. I learned empathy.
Before, I used to think that all you had to do was to pump yourself up and get going.
So I never had much fellow feeling for others who were sick.
Now I know. When some of the friends told me to snap out of it, there wasn't anything that I wanted to do more.
But at that point, I had no control.
Their comments really hurt.
Well, how sad. In an effort to help, we unintentionally can inflict more pain by thoughtless speech.
What can help us to prevent thoughtless speech? Well, we can consider these questions based on Bible principles.
Is what I'm about to say true, kind, necessary?
How would I feel if someone said that to me?
Will it show respect?
Is this the right setting to even bring it up at all?
Thinking before we speak can do a lot to do healing rather than to inflict more pain.
And in this connection and helping to press ones, patience is required.
Perhaps you've experienced this. Someone that's suppressed may pour out their feelings with great feeling and intensity.
We listen. We offer encouragement.
And then a short time later, they're back with the same intense feelings and concerns as if it had never been discussed before.
Patients is required to keep consoling and to keep supporting.
In doing so, we would imitate Jehovah at limitations 32 and 23.
The Bible says about Jehovah.
It is because of Jehovah's loyal love that we have not come to our finish.
For his mercies never end.
They are new each morning. Your faithfulness is abundant.
Jehovah gives us help every day.
And though it's not easy, we want to be just as patient and just as consoling and just as helpful as Jehovah.
Well, after listening and offering thoughtful, scriptural advice, the scriptures are powerful, but sometimes something more than that is needed for someone who's depressed.
Why do we say that?
Luke 531, Jesus said this.
Those who are healthy do not need a physician, but those who are ill do.
Depression may not be because of some temporary disappointment or temporary feeling of low or discouragement.
It might be more clinical.
It might have been inherited as part of a family trait or weakness.
And scriptures alone, although very valuable, will not be all the help they need.
In some cases, seeking medical attention is the course of wisdom and perhaps in some cases even medication.
Well, if a person is in that situation, what should they do?
They've been helped, but they're still needing more help.
Well, with humility and modesty, recognizing their limitations, they will seek the help they need, not only spiritually, but medically.
Well, there's one thing about it, living in these last days, all of us are going to go periods of time where we need encouragement.
In fact, we may be encouraging somebody today, and next week, we need it.
That's why the Apostle Paul and process only in chapter 5 and verse 11 said,
keep encouraging one another and building one another up just as, in fact, you are doing.
And if we do that, then we can help each of us endure through these last days to the point where, as foretold Isaiah,
no one will say, I'm sick, either spiritually, mentally, emotionally or physically.
So in line with today's text, let us keep what we're doing, speak consolingly to those who are depressed, support the week, be patient toward all.
What a blessing it is to have spiritual brothers and sisters to keep encouraging and building one another up during these last days.
This month's music video titled, every minute, is about just that.
In this program, we've learned about many of the things we can do to prepare our spiritual go back.
This will help us to be fully equipped for the future.
We can preach zealously to people of all sorts, cultivate qualities that bring peace to our family life,
and build our trust in Jehovah by reflecting on the blessing he's given us.
One of those blessings is our worldwide brotherhood.
Every month, we get to meet another part of that brotherhood through our video postcard.
And this month, we are going to the western edge of Europe, to the Azores Archipelago.
The Azores are a chain of nine volcanic islands, about 1,600 kilometers or 1,000 miles west of Portugal.
Here, vineyards and plantations meet steep, emerald peaks, crater lakes and hot springs.
Steemen volcanic gases escape from the earth through vents called fumaroles.
On the island of Sao Miguel, this brother prepares a local dish in a fumarole, letting it cook for up to seven hours.
Thanks to the subtropical climate, the Azores produce an abundance of pineapples, oranges, bananas and tea.
Our brothers enjoy making beautiful crafts from local resources, such as fish scales.
And they enjoy preparing regional foods, like these bolo lef du cakes, which can be found at any meal.
The first seeds of truth were planted here in the early 20th century by Azoreans who learned the truth in the United States,
and shared what they learned with relatives and friends back home.
Despite decades of church-led opposition, publishers have always found cheap-like ones.
Today, there are more than 800 publishers in 15 congregations in the Azores.
Our brothers conduct more than 500 Bible studies.
Memorial attendance was more than twice the number of witnesses here.
The good news is preached in both Portuguese and Portuguese sign language.
This is the Santa Cruz-deche Flores congregation. It has 17 publishers.
Their territory includes the islands of Flores and Corvo.
From the Azores, our brothers and sisters in the Santa Cruz-deche Flores congregation sent you their warm love and greetings.
And we send our love to all of you as well. From the World Headquarters of Jehovah's Witnesses, this is JW Broadcasting.